Replace Array trait with const generics (#145)
aldanor/hdf5-rust: CHANGELOG.md

- Const generics support (MSRV 1.51): `hdf5-types` now uses const generics for array types,
  allowing fixed-size arrays of arbitrary sizes.
- The `ndarray` dependency has been updated to `0.15`.

> - The `Array` trait has been removed and replaced with const generics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hdf5_types::Array` trait has been removed and replaced with const generics. String types
  are now generic over size only: `FixedAscii<N>` and `FixedUnicode<N>`.
```
